[Music]
today we're going to learn advanced
English vocabulary with these Simpsons
so do you want to understand natives
even when we speak fast without getting
lost
without missing the jokes how about
without subtitles well you're in the
right place you better hit that
subscribe button and the bell down below
so that you don't miss a single one of
our new lessons and you can take your
English to the next level just like
Alexi who says that he took his English
from the a2 to the b1 level in just one
month with our lessons
[Music]
the petrol Twilight bathed in the glow
of burns brand electricity
hello lamppost what you knowin I've come
to watch your power flowing where's home
and bar
Alisha and Grandpa if they're all the
easiest things are finally starting to
go my way I feel like celebrating I know
it's you what are you so happy about huh
see I think you'd better drop it
they said drop it get your hands off you
okay with response
mr. burns has been shot just a minute
this isn't mr. burns at all it's a mask
wait it is burns okay
his wrinkly skin looks like a mask I
don't think well I don't know who did
this
the only one in towns a suspect
well I could possibly solve this mystery
can you yeah give a shot I mean it's my
job right in this episode of The
Simpsons
mr. burns constructs a giant disk to
permanently block out the Sun in the
town of Springfield forcing everyone to
continuously use the electricity from
his power plant the picture of Twilight
bathed in the glow of burns brand
electricity so we hear mr. burns speak
in a poetic way about electricity and
street lighting Twilight is the time of
day of just before the night when the
daylight has almost gone but when it is
not completely dark perpetual to find
something that never ends that is
permanent so by perpetual Twilight he's
referring to the permanent darkness that
is covering Springfield caused by the
giant disk which he is using to block
out the Sun literally speaking the verb
to bathe means to take a bath or to wash
yourself in a sea or a river for example
however mr. burns is speaking
figuratively here he is talking about
how the streets are covered by or bathed
in the glow from the lamp posts which
are powered by his power plant hey Lou
limp boost what you doin I've come to
watch your power fluid what you knowing
is mr. burns own informal way of asking
how are you this is a parody of the
Simon & Garfunkel song the 59th Street
bridge song feelin groovy
hello lamppost
what should I come to watch your flowers
hello lamppost what you doing
I've come to watch your power flowing if
they're all the easiest things are
finally starting to go my way I feel
like celebrating if something goes your
way it goes according to your plans you
succeed or you feel favored by the
universe God or some high power check
out this example mm I'm sorry Maggie but
even at your age I'm sure you understand
things can't always go your way so in
the scene mr. burns is referring to how
his plans of blocking out the Sun and
making more money from all the extra
power consumption are working so he says
that things are finally starting to go
his way meaning he's finally being
favored by the circumstances oh it's you
what are you so happy about huh see
really think you'd better drop it
they said drop it dude get your hands
off drop it is an expression used as a
command for somebody to drop or let go
of their weapon for example it is
commonly used by the police when
confronting armed suspects a little bit
higher
[Music]
drop it this
we cannot see what is happening with mr.
burns in the scene really think you'd
better drop it he said drop it but from
this line we can guess he's speaking to
somebody holding a gun or other weapon
by the way did you notice how he
pronounced the word drop and it together
really think you'd better drop it he
said drop it this is a clear and good
example of how connected speech works in
spoken English connected speech is the
tendency we have of cutting reducing and
linking words together while speaking in
this case the letter P from drop simply
links to the next word which started
with a vowel it and that resulted in the
sound we heard from mr. burns
drop it let's listen to it and practice
after him he said drop it
drop it hey guys just a quick
interruption
so here at Lerner's with TV series we
are celebrating two million subscribers
thanks to your support we've been able
to help more and more people to look at
learning English as fun and meaningful
so to thank you you can get a 49 percent
discount on our fluent with friends
course for the next few days until April
24th just imagine this time next year
you could understand your favorite
series and laugh along with all the
jokes have a confident conversation get
a promotion at work or even move to
another country really the possibilities
are endless when you set your mind to it
and the fluent with friends course can
help you a lot in reaching your goals
just like edita who told us that our
course helped her stop looking in
english as a boring school subject and
helped her become passionate about
learning the language so what are you
waiting for
you can learn more and sign up by
clicking up here or down description
below and remember to get your 49%
discount
just use the code two million at
checkout now let's get back to laughing
and learning with The Simpsons everybody
are you okay with response to dignify
somebody or something is to treat them
with respect and take them seriously so
if you say that you will not dignify
something with a response that means you
will not answer or respond to it because
you do not think it is worth your
attention or respect why can't we ever
have normal soup
just once couldn't we have a soup that
people have heard of like French onion
or Navy beef first of all your father
can't eat onions he's deathly allergic
and I won't even dignify your navy bean
suggestion mr. burns has been shot just
a minute this isn't mr. burns at all
it's a mask away today's burns okay it's
wrinkly skin looks like a man this part
of the scene makes fun of something a
lot of science fiction movies and series
have done to have a character wearing a
holistic human mask which is only
noticed and removed at a critical moment
in the story
[Music]
the joke is that chief Wiggum thought
mr. burns wrinkly skin made his face
look like a mask okay
his wrinkly skin looks like a mask I
don't think well I don't know who did
this
everyone in towns a suspect
well I couldn't possibly solve this
mystery
can you yeah I'll give a shot I mean
it's my job right if you say that you
will give it a shot that means you won't
make an attempt to do something you will
try to achieve it
this is especially used when talking
about something that you are not
familiar with son don't ask why but you
have to lose the big race you want me to
lose the springfield derby we've been
pushing that poor horse too hard
maybe but if Duncan wins the Derby he
could spend the rest of his days as a
stud well it is a good life believe me
all right well give it a shot
[Music]
- what is the meaning of this this piece
that shaking me birds say I never shot
before shut but you I'm afraid not my
primitive friend your kind is neither
the cranial capacity no the opposable
digits to operate a firearm the one who
shot me was Maggie Simpson with the Sun
blocker in place in the town a guest I
was on top of the world so I wanted to
kick up my heels and indulge my sweet
tooth
they feel like celebrating
oh it's you what are you so happy about
huh see yes that's the one
Smithers it sorted my earlier attempt to
take candy from a baby
but with him out of the picture I was
free to wallow in my own propellants and
I think you'd better drop it but the old
axiom was misleading ticking the candy
proved exceedingly difficult yes drop it
[Music]
stricken hale urged forth in search of
aid but finding only slack-jawed cookers
they gave up and collapsed on the sundae
then with your last answer strength you
pointed to W and s or from your point of
view and and s Maggie Simpson what no
with my last ounce of strength I sucked
out my cold feelings and swallowed them
those paramedics said sticky fingers
well I'm just relieved that home are
safe and that you've recovered and we
can all get back to normal it's magic
attack I'm sure she'd apologize for
shooting you I'm afraid that's
insufficient officer the risk the baby
Yeah right pops no jury in the world is
gonna convict up baby maybe Texas
[Music]
fly a fly is this insect so if you say
that someone wouldn't hurt a fly
that is a figurative way of saying that
they are very kind and gentle and would
not hurt anyone
not even a fly
come on people your safest Sunday with
me I wouldn't hurt a fly before shut but
you'll I'm afraid not my primitive
friend primitive refers to something or
somebody relating to very old times like
a society at a very early stage of
development with people living in a
simple way without machines or advanced
technologies for example example
primitive races colonized these islands
2,000 years ago mr. Burnes called Homer
his primitive friend meaning to insult
him and call him ignorant or
simple-minded you a kind is neither the
cranial capacity no the opposable digits
to a predefined room as you may know the
noun kind refers to a group with similar
characteristics or a particular type he
me are you just becoming a little bit
more human you are the last of your kind
in this case mr. burns is still
referring to Homer as a primitive or
prehistoric person as if you were a
caveman you a kind is neither the
cranial capacity no the opposable digits
to a prettify room so he says that Homer
does not have the cranial capacity that
is the intelligence nor the opposable
thumbs to handle a gun opposable thumbs
is how we call the thumb seen in human
hands that can be placed opposite the
other fingers allowing the hand to hold
and handle objects the one who shut me
was Maggie Simpson
[Music]
with the Sun blocker in place in the
town a guest I was on top of the world
Sun blocker is what he's calling the
giant disk which was placed in front of
the Sun and covered the whole town from
daylight a ghast is an adjective meaning
extremely shocked or horrified this word
is not very common and if you say that
you feel or that you are on top of the
world you are emphasizing that you feel
extremely happy and healthy on top of
the world so I wanted to kick up my
heels and indulge my sweet tooth I feel
like celebrating oh it's you what are
you so happy about
huh see the expression to kick up your
heels means to relax and enjoy yourself
a lot for example at a party now if you
say that you have a sweet tooth you mean
you have a craving or desire to eat
sweet foods especially sweets and
chocolate so if you indulge your sweet
tooth you are allowing yourself to enjoy
the pleasure of eating sweets example I
like to indulge myself on holiday with
things like massages and spa treatments
[Music]
so we are at peace once more let us
indulge an exaggerated displays of
affection this guy I love him get over
here my brother over here you're my
everything over here no call on my world
over here yes that's the one
Smithers it sorted my earlier attempt to
take candy from a baby but with him out
of the picture I was free to wallow in
my own crap you lence
to thwart somebody means to prevent them
from accomplishing something
so if youth wort a person's attempt to
do something you are stopping them from
being successful as you know every
diabolical scheme that I've hatched has
been thwarted by Austin Powers and why
is that ladies and gentlemen mr. burns
are saying that Smithers had stopped him
from taking candy from a baby before but
now that he is out of the picture that
is he is not present anymore
he will not be able to interfere and
stop him now even though in English
there is a figurative expression to take
candy from a baby
meaning to do something that is very
easy and offers no challenge or
resistance here mr. burns means it
literally he has actually tried to take
candy from Maggie a baby so he says that
without Smithers to stop him he could
indulge his impulses for eating sugary
food I think you'd better drop it but
the old axiom was misleading ticking the
candy proved exceedingly difficult they
said drop it
[Music]
an axiom is a statement which is
regarded as being accepted or true
without the need for proof
for example the axiom you cannot give
what you do not have so mr. burns refers
to taking candy from a baby being easy
as a misleading axiom saying that the
task actually proved to be very
difficult which is quite humorous when
we think about it something considered
misleading gives you the wrong idea or
impression about it
[Music]
hey I thought I thought you weren't
Table six
no nice
Oh see before you when you showed it to
me you you help it that way which
misleading stricken alerted forth in
search of aid but finding only
slack-jawed cookers they gave up and
collapsed on the Sunday to lurch is to
move in a way that is not regular or
normal making sudden movements backwards
or forwards or from side to side
especially in an uncontrolled way so he
says that he lurched forth in search of
health a Gawker is a person who stares
openly at someone or something for
example after a bad car accident on the
highway
Gawker's often slow down for a look a
slack-jawed person is someone with their
mouth open in surprise a sundial is a
device similar to a clock that looks
like this which indicates the time of
day by the position of the shadow of
some object exposed to the sun's rays
and with your last answer strength
you've pointed to w and s or from your
point of view m and s Maggie Simpson
Lisa is saying that mr. burns gathered
all the energy he had left that is his
last ounce of strength and pointed to
the W and s letters as a way of
informing who had shot him
what knew with my last ounce of strength
and I sent out my cooled feelings and
swallowed the paramedic said sticky
fingers if you say that somebody has
sticky fingers you mean that they have
an inclination or tendency to steal mr.
burns is saying that he swallowed his
gold teeth pieces to keep the paramedics
who had helped him from robbing him it's
magic attack I'm sure she apologized for
showing you I'm afraid that's
insufficient officer the risk the baby
yeah right perhaps no jury in the world
is gonna convict up baby
maybe taxes to convict somebody of a
crime is to declare them to be guilty
this is normally done by a jury or the
decision of a judge in a court
of law now why does he say maybe Texas
culturally many other states look in
Texas as being a very conservative state
for example it is one of the states that
still has the death penalty chief Wiggum
is joking that perhaps Texas would be
strict enough to convict a baby of a
crime the picture of Twilight bathed in
the glow of Byrnes brand electricity
hello lamppost what you knowin I've come
to watch your power flowing Alicia and
Grandpa if they're all the easiest
things are finally starting to go my way
[Music]
I feel like celebrating I know it's you
what are you so happy about
huh see I think you'd better drop it
they said drop it with response mr.
burns has been shot just a minute this
isn't mr. burns at all
it's a mask wait it is burns okay
his wrinkly skin looks like a mask I
don't think well I don't know who did
this the only one in towns a suspect
well I could possibly saw this before
shut but you I'm afraid not my primitive
friend your kind is neither the cranial
capacity no the opposable digits to
operate a firearm the one who shot me
was Maggie Simpson
[Music]
with the Sun blocker in place in the
town a guest I was on top of the world
so I wanted to kick up my heels and
indulge my sweet tooth I feel like
celebrating oh it's you what are you so
happy about
huh see yes that's the one Smithers it's
what had my earlier attempt to take
candy from a baby but with him out of
the picture I was free to wallow in my
own propellants and I think you'd better
drop it but the old axiom was misleading
[Music]
ticking the candy proved exceedingly
difficult
they said drop it
[Music]
stricken alerted forth in search of aid
but finding only slack-jawed cookers
they gave up and collapsed on the Sunday
then with your last answer strength
you've pointed to W and s or from your
point of view and and s Maggie Simpson
what knew with my last ounce of strength
I sucked out my cold fillings and
swallowed them those paramedics had
sticky fingers well I'm just relieved
that home are safe and that you've
recovered and we can all get back to
normal it's magic attack I'm sure she'd
apologize for shooting you I'm afraid
that's insufficient officer the risk the
baby yeah right pops no jury in the
world is gonna convict a baby
maybe Texas besides he didn't mean that
it was an accident
awesome work today now if you are ready
to take your English to the next level
and understand your favorite movies and
series even without the subtitles then I
highly recommend that you take advantage
to check out our fluent with friends
course and get a huge discount by using
that code two million at checkout to get
49 percent off just click down in
description below to finally for that
but remember you only have a few more
days to take advantage of this offer now
it's time to go beyond the classroom and
live your English oh yeah
[Music]